It's been a while since I actually write. Not that there ain't no feeling or
thought to share but I have been really really busy. Well today is yet another
appointment with the doctor for mom hospital visit. 

As usual, the hospital is PACKED. I mean really packed with people seeking for
medical help or relieves. To describe the amount of people, just give yourself a
visit to a shopping centre where there is a big sales going on :) 

Because there are abundance of people, imagine queue just for registration
numbers. We reach there before 8am just for the queue and for the people who is
doing blood test, which is the reason we visit for this appointment today. Queue
up for registration like 30-40minutes and then another queue just to enter the
room to perform the test. Whilst I understand it is difficult to give priority
given the amount of people, but to improve the overall process by shortening the
time , example the registration time and counter queue should be really consider
by hospital selayang. It's good that many areas at hospital selayang has been
computerized but I think it is right move to improve this area by shortening the
time. So people will not be afraid to visit hospital with the excuses, man, that
queue is just too long.

By the time we got the queue at counter, we need another few minutes to wait for
our queue and today was a lucky day? queue on board display 3005 whilst mom
queue is 3007. So we can live with that. When the nurse that attend mom, she
complaint this nurse (name re**) damn rough in poking a hole on her right hand.
Yet, there is no blood, and then perform another arm. Mom pointed to a young guy
which she said he performed blood test for her before and no pain. Naturally I
voice out said hey, you are more pro than this lady. Then the lady said, you are
bad luck today , cannot choose. My thought is that, what the hell dude, should
not you be gentle when perform blood test? Yet blabbing stupid comment. 

When the test is done, as usual we travel back. This time is a bit different
than in the past. At the car park, let's talk about car park first. Because
people are a lot and car park space is just not sufficient for all the staffs
and patients. You can actually see car park, park as far as 500-900meter away
from the specialist lobby. Selayang hospital should really really consider to
increase the car park spaces since like every time all the visitors having tough
time to get a car park. No suprise that the car park beneath the hospital is
full, people even park in the lane such that the lane supposed to have two car
lanes but become one. If you know what I mean. Those car normally relieve hand
break because they block the car park in the legal slot.

That's fair and square, however, today by the time I reach car, there is a young
lady medical staff actually walking around my car. I was a bit surprise why she
did that but eventually I asked her what happen, and she told me, this scratch
was not on my car before. Then I looked at my car, well, "look there is no stain
of blue colour on my car that said I knocked your car." She turned and pointed a
car which park at lane , behind my car, "look, that car knock the slot car". A
moment of silent and dissapointment and I guess, both of us know, live yet
another day. I got back into my car, and move out. But just before I get into my
car, I pointed to her saying, "careful, dead bird!" Damn I know. she felt
disgusted and I feel shitty too. At the back of the mirror, there is an opposite
lane car again and just before I drove off, I came down again and push the lane
car and so she can reverse drive out easily. I guess a small deed to cheer up
her bad morning. There is still some nice and helpful people around. 

Bottomline, we should do our part, to keep the environment clean and when you
park your car at driving lane, at least relieve the hand break and put your
phone contact on the car wiper. Lane park is already wrong but because of the
amount of cars, the hospital authority allow and the visitor or staffs should be
more civic minded. Don't lane park the car that is too near to the slot car.
Hospital Selayang really need your help in term of volunteering or donation.
Please consider to donate to selayang hospital for facilities upgrade and them
to recruit more staffs. You never know, when the time come, you will require
their help.
