When we were small, our parent has the obligation to raise and taking care of us and for instance, when you were a baby, you poop and cry, parent will come forward to change diapers and clean your mess up. They do it over and over and over until at age when you can self managed your hygiene. As we age older, we gone to proper education and eventually end up in society working to make a living. 

Looking backward, our parent has age just like us except they age to an older age. It's a transition sometime adult like us cannot comprehend why parent cannot self managed themselves. We stucked in the moment our parent not only can take care us and they can take care themselves well too. But really, this is a wrong perception and mostly encountered by most of us, even myself included. 

Yesterday (May 20, 2016) when I bring my mom for selayang hospital for two medical session treatment, physiology and nephrology predialysis clinic appointment. Whilst my mom was assist by a very helpful physiotherapist, I went to make an registration for the nephrology predialysisc clinic appointment. This is a time when I met this old uncle, I would guess he is maybe around 70+, eyes especially the right eyes seem some infection whilst seeking help from the nephrology staff counter. 

He is a chinese wilst the staff is in malay, the conversation in malay langauge and communication between does not seem to work well. Over the time of taking care an elderly person, I came to realized how much they need young people help to managed them. I step up and helping the good old uncle to make translation in mandarin to malay. Poor old uncle suffer poop and dirrhea problem and poop sometime contain blood. This is definitely a sign health issue and because the size of the hospital is huge, sometime for an old people and sick to seek place to treatment is really like climb mountain problem. 

One must realized that when we are sick, our mind cannot function well. No matter how minor is the sickness. His facial apperance showing he had been to the xray department whilst seeking to solve his current poop and diarrhea problem in nephrology is rejected by the staff in nephrology. Whilst I explain to him that he had to go to level 2 for emergency department where this is the general procedure apply to medical facility in malaysia. The malay lady staff obviously very clearly written in paper level 2 and emergency department. Off he go himself to E.D. to seek treatment.

I think working to make a living is really important and that I did not deny it. But sometime if one's parent having difficult or health complication, I think as a child should have a obligation to at least take leave to assist parent to seek medical treatment. Fine if you say we cannot afford crazy medical cost of ten of thousand ringgit in private hospital but it is not an excuse you did not have time for your parent in general hospital. 

Using this experience encountered and several incidents encountered before, I urge you at least talk to your parent whilst they are still here with you and help them if they having health issue. Because without them, without you today. Lost a job today, get another one tomorrow. Lost parent today, lost someone forever.
