First of all, happy new year everyone.

Well today is another day to hospital selayang and as usual, hospital jam pack
with people. Every floor from second, third to fourth floor are so crowded,
which remind everyone to take care health.

Most of the people are elders. Men and women waiting patiently for their queue
for registration and for queue for doctor appointment. As usual , brought her
for yet another appointment, this time is urology appointment.

Today suddenly surge concern of myself and my future. Looking into sea of
people, mostly elders accompany each others and seldom youngster accompany elder
to hospital. Naturally one would think of they must have busy in their life and
career. 

That thought suddenly put myself into lowest point. What am I doing for others
but not for myself for now or future. Accompany mom for more than a year and
several visits a month definitely create some conflict if not misunderstanding
with company. Some company might not agree to spend so many times to the elders
although they are saying okay, get your leave to accompany elder to hospital but
in actual, from company point of view, this employee is consider non productive.

This may explain in the hospital, you seldom see young people accompany elders
to hospital. Everyone is putting their priority at top. So some minority like
myself put other priority on top than themselves. This become worst situation
when you have your own family and not having a stable job and if this frequent
visit to hospital become more and more, one future may become bleak in the eyes
of companies.

Honestly, today I am concern of myself and my future, although there is still
some company who actually understand its staffs (and I gratitude for that) but
in long way, this is a misery for me. My health condition is not really good but
if this situation persist, the future really hold no much meaning for myself.

If one is destined to give and provide care for others, then I shall accept the  
fact that if my life cut short. If there is a next life and come next life, let
there be a change.
