Not all doctor are dedicated and professional.

After so many hospital visits, one get to learn and understand the procedure in
general hospital. Today like another past visits, I send mom to the hospital
selayang for another appointment. This time it is orthopedic department and
slightly different where the appointment in on afternoon. Usually it is in
morning time.

We went there at 1pm and had to wait for registration which only open at 2pm and
her appointment is at 2pm. So we have to wait stupidly for an hour :( it was
unfortunate and was not told before. Another lesson learned. 

By the time 2pm arrived, every patient rushed to get registration queue number, 
you can imagine a sudden surge of patient queue up. Then as usual after you get
your number, you wait for the number called for the actual registration process.
This did not take long.

Another long wait happened for the doctors to get the patient number. Because it
is lunch time, there is only one or two doctors in ortho department whereas the
patient queues is like 20-30 or could be even more. I get to see this because I
went into the department where the patient card and their queue is placed. 

As such, this is yet another long wait and by the time her number is called, I
see the wall clock at 3pm when the actual appointment time is 2pm. :( Sometime
one must tolerate based on the amount of patients versus the doctor/nurses that
served the patients.

This time I let her do the talking, it started good where doctor explain cannot
do knee surgery because kidney failure and just continue medicine. She explain
that she can walk slowly but cannot walk quickly as this would give pain. Then
the doctor said you are okay and she reaffirm his statement saying, i'm alright.
Because of that, doctor mentioned no need to take any medicine or any further
appointments which trigger my alert.

Whilst I sit opposite of them instantly voice up. "We came around 1pm, waited
for our registration at 2pm and finally met doctor 3pm. Then you tell him you
are okay and so what's the purpose we come here for. Talk 5minutes and go" As
usual she is quiet and doctor get a little agitated when I voice that. My point
is, if a person has no sickness, WHY should we wait for hours just to meet
doctor? Is it just because of the appointment that we fulfill or because we
really want some better solution for her. As he get agitated and blabling when I
voice my concern such as, we come here talk and no medicine or waited for hours,
so what's the purpose we come here. He responded by facing her directly and
repeat his statement cannot do surgery, and this time, further ask if you feel
pain and do you require pain killer, I shall prescribed you light pain killer. 

Lesson learned, sometime not all doctor is professional nor dedicated, you have
to raise your concern because what you raise is rightfully and logically. He
spent time typing in keyboard and facing computer monitor more than facing and
talk to the patient, This situation all observed by me sitting across and I also
noticed he inspect her legs but because this time she wear jeans and sport shoe,
all fully covered, how does that allow a doctor to do professional
investigation?! omg i know, i'm not a doctor but based on past experience, a
professional doctor will request patient if he is allow to do inspection on legs
and feet with a presence of a female nurse beside. But this doctor did not do
that, instead just look at her jeans covered legs and type something in the
computer. omg i know.

After a few more minutes elapse, he is done with the computer typing, he is okay
and I went on to the nurse to get medicine and timeslip. Taking medicine from
pharmacy is yet another wait but compare to morning session, afternoon session
less crowded and i think we waited like 30-45minutes to get the medicine. It is
only pain killer and deep rub for joint. 

As for the timeslip, signed by doctor Gan Jin Tatt. :) lesson learned be alert
and dare to voice up when it is rightfully and logically for.
